"Hi Megha,

 

Cant find refund initiated in Juspat dashboard
"
"Hi Juspay Team,

Could you please provide an update on the ETA for this? Typically, implementation takes around 24–48 hours at most.

Also please Start sending full url, utm source, medium , campaign , term and content on Order additional notes.

@Nikhil Joshi- Please expedite this"
"TEST-nautinati-COPY <sayednehalibrahim@gmail.com>
 Hi! can i customize my cart page as well?"
"Hi Nikhil,

I hope this email finds you well. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me earlier regarding our development support requirements.

As discussed during our telephonic conversation, we would like to schedule a more detailed call to discuss the technical aspects and next steps for the development support we need from Juspay's side.

Could you please let me know your availability for a call tomorrow at 12:30pm? 

Looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Best regards, Gautam Jain"
"Hi

My account is created with the email ID: gaurav.taneja@arvindfashions.com

I am not able to trigger a forgot password email. Please check and help."
"Hi team,

We would like to discontinue the Juspay service for the time being. As suggested by our marketing team, we are shifting to a native Shopify flow and are currently facing some issues with UTM sourcing.

Please do not raise an invoice for the month of July. We will get back to you as soon as possible regarding recommencing our service.

Thank you for your understanding.

Best regards,
Marketing ReFit"
"Hi team,
As discussed there will be no FULL COD available for customers across the website right now.
However customers can opt for Partial COD payment method. Terms for partial COD are as follows
1. If customers opt for partial COD then they have to pay 200 inr UPFRONT amount.
2. standard shipping charges will be applied ( below 999 - 100rs shipping charge and above 999- 200rs shipping charge will be applied)
3. Extra 2% convenience fee will also be charged for partial COD method. "
"Swaroop, thanks so much for letting me know! Here is our Pipecat plugin guide to help you get started with testing the integration.

Separately, are you and your team on Slack? Most organizations we work with find it very helpful to have a Slack Connect channel between our teams, as it provides you direct access to our engineering and support resources throughout your testing and evaluation. 

Let me know if this is something you'd be interested in, and I can get a channel set up for us. Thank you! 


Michael Miller 
AssemblyAI | Meet with Me"
